[Edit] Add notes about overloading for C++ Classes (#3476)
Codecademy/docs: content/cpp/concepts/classes/classes.md

    bool is_capital;
};
```

## Overloading

> The method of creating operators that work differently with custom data types is called operator [overloading](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cpp/overloading) in C++. This enables the user to use these operators with objects of their own classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redefining operators to work differently with custom data types is called operator [overloading](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cpp/overloading) in C++. This enables the user to use these operators with objects of their own classes.
```

> ```cpp

Reviewer: update code to use 2 spaces for indentation instead of tabs
